docs: fix weird helm upgrade example (#2331)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: doc/source/administrator/upgrading.md

helm upgrade --cleanup-on-fail <helm-release-name> jupyterhub/jupyterhub --version=<chart-version> --values config.yaml --namespace <k8s-namespace>
```

> For example, to upgrade to version `v0.6` with a helm release name of `jhub` in the k8s namespace of `jhub`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to upgrade to version `1.1.1` with a helm release name of `jhub` in the k8s namespace of `jhub`:
```

```

> helm upgrade --cleanup-on-fail jhub jupyterhub/jupyterhub --version=v0.6 --values config.yaml --namespace jhub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm upgrade --cleanup-on-fail jhub jupyterhub/jupyterhub --version=1.1.1 --values config.yaml --namespace jhub
```
